docs: document AI contribution policy and agent guidelines (#27)
kroxylicious/.github: CONTRIBUTING.md

All changes which are to be committed in project source control must be reviewed by at least one [Committer](COMMITTERS.md) before being merged.
If the change is being authored by someone who is a Committer, that change must be reviewed by at least one other Committer before being merged.
Automated or AI-assisted reviews, such as security or style checks, can supplement review but do not replace review by a Committer.
Committers make merge decisions following the project's [decision-making](./GOVERNANCE.md#decision-making) framework.
Pull requests must focus on a single goal and be sized for effective review.
We may close pull requests that are unfocused or too large to review effectively, and ask the contributor to break them into smaller, more reviewable changes.

The GitHub teams `@kroxylicious/code-reviewers` and `@kroxylicious/doc-reviewers` can be used to request a PR review from contributors.

If you're willing to provide code and/or reviews to others then let one of the [project managers](PMs.md) know and we can add you to the relevant GitHub team.

## Use of AI Assistance

> Contributors can use AI tools, such as LLMs and code assistants, when preparing contributions to Kroxylicious.

Author: Thanks @tombentley, @k-wall 
I've kept the opening paragraph as-is. The phrasing "PRs must always be submitted by a human" could be read as excluding the use of an LLM to mechanically open a PR on a contributor's behalf, which is not a restriction we want to impose. The human-in-the-loop and DCO accountability points are better captured in the DCO Signoff section, which we've updated to make clear that an LLM cannot fulfill that obligation as it is not a legal entity.

As with any tool, the contributor is responsible for the quality of the result and for understanding what they submit.

You are responsible for understanding your contribution and ensuring that it meets project standards, regardless of the tools used.

### Requirements

* **You are the contributor.** When you sign off the [DCO](./DCO.txt), you certify the contribution as your own.

>   AI-generated or AI-assisted content does not change this obligation.

Author: I've added "An LLM is not a legal entity and thus cannot sign off on your behalf" to the DCO Signoff section, so the point is explicit where all contributors will encounter it. The "You are the contributor" bullet here still reinforces that AI assistance doesn't change the DCO obligation, and the "Understand your contribution" bullet now includes language about answering reviewers' questions without recourse to AI. Between those three touchpoints we think human accountability is clear without duplicating the legal entity point.

* **Understand your contribution.** You must have a clear understanding of what your contribution does and why.

>   Do not submit code, documentation, or other content that you do not fully understand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Do not submit code, documentation, or other content that you do not fully understand.
  You should be able to answer reviewers' questions yourself, without recourse to AI.
  In particular, do not waste the time of other contributors by being a proxy between reviewers and an AI. 
```

* **Disclose AI usage.** If AI tools play a significant role in a contribution, note this in the pull request description.
  Commits must include an `Assisted-by` trailer that identifies the tool and model used (for example, `Assisted-by: Claude Opus 4.6 <noreply@anthropic.com>`).
  Most AI coding tools can be configured to add this automatically — see the repository's `AGENTS.md` for details.

>   Using AI features in the same way as an IDE, such as code completion or spelling, does not require disclosure.

Reviewer: This seems a bit meaningless. Something like claude code could be packaged as code complete (even moving between source files as needed, so that the human is just pressing tab repeatedly). Under this definition that would not require disclosure. 

I think this is confusing the developer interaction with what we really care about (though to be honest, I don't think this document is super-clear about what exactly that is).

>   Disclosure is required when AI tools are used to generate substantial content such as functions, tests, documentation, or design approaches.

Reviewer: Why should the project really care about AI usage in a design?

Author: Good question. The intent was to help us understand IP/patent exposure. If a model were found to have been reproducing protected approaches, we'd want to know where we might be affected. But on reflection, design approaches aren't really copyrightable (only their expression is), and patent risk exists regardless of how you arrived at the approach. Requiring disclosure here doesn't meaningfully reduce the project's exposure, so we've dropped "design approaches" from the list.

  Most AI coding tools can be configured to add this automatically — see the repository's `AGENTS.md` for details.
  Using AI features in the same way as an IDE, such as code completion or spelling, does not require disclosure.
  Disclosure is required when AI tools are used to generate substantial content such as functions, tests, documentation, or design approaches.
* **Ensure licensing compliance.** AI-generated content must not introduce material under licenses incompatible with the project's [License](./LICENSE).
  If your AI tool provides controls to reduce the risk of reproducing third-party code without appropriate attribution or license compatibility, make sure they are enabled.
* **Meet the same quality bar.** AI-assisted contributions are reviewed to the same standard as any other contribution.
  Code must be correct, maintainable, tested, and consistent with project conventions.
  We may close pull requests where the contributor does not appear to understand the contribution they have submitted.
* **Be concise.** AI tools can generate content faster than reviewers can read it.

>   Contributions, PR descriptions, and issue comments should be clear, focused, and free of unnecessary detail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Contributions, PR descriptions, and issue comments should be clear, focused, and free of unnecessary detail. Please respect the time of the other contributors in the community.
```

### AGENTS.md

Individual repositories within the Kroxylicious organisation can include an `AGENTS.md` file.
These files provide AI tools with project-specific context such as build instructions, architecture, coding conventions, and testing expectations.

> If you use an AI tool to help prepare a contribution, ensure that it can access the relevant `AGENTS.md` so that its output aligns with project conventions.

Author: Agreed. I've dropped this section. We can revisit once we have `AGENTS.md` files in individual repos and know how they'll actually be discovered by tools.

All changes which are to be committed in project source control must be reviewed by at least one [Committer](COMMITTERS.md) before being merged.
If the change is being authored by someone who is a Committer, that change must be reviewed by at least one other Committer before being merged.
Automated or AI-assisted reviews (such as security or style checks) may supplement but do not substitute for review by a Committer.
The decision to merge is always made by Committer(s) following the project's [decision making](./GOVERNANCE.md#decision-making) framework.

> Pull requests should be focused on a single goal and sized for effective review.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Pull requests must focus on a single goal and be sized for effective review.
```

The GitHub teams `@kroxylicious/code-reviewers` and `@kroxylicious/doc-reviewers` can be used to request a PR review from contributors.

If you're willing to provide code and/or reviews to others then let one of the [project managers](PMs.md) know and we can add you to the relevant GitHub team.

## Use of AI Assistance

Contributors may use AI tools (such as LLMs, code assistants, and similar) when preparing contributions to Kroxylicious.
Like any tool, what matters is the quality of the result and that the contributor understands what they are submitting.

When you submit a contribution you are the contributor, regardless of what tools you used to produce it.
You are responsible for understanding what you are contributing and ensuring it meets the project's standards.

### Requirements

* **You are the contributor.** When you sign off the [DCO](./DCO.txt), you are certifying the contribution as your own.
  AI-generated or AI-assisted content does not change this obligation.
* **Understand your contribution.** You must have a clear understanding of what your contribution does and why.

>   Do not submit code, documentation, or other content that you do not understand.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Do not submit code, documentation, or other content that you do not fully understand.
```

* **Disclose AI usage.** If AI tools played a significant role in producing a contribution, note this in the pull request description.
  Commits should include an `Assisted-by` trailer identifying the tool and model used (e.g. `Assisted-by: Claude Opus 4.6 <noreply@anthropic.com>`).
  Most AI coding tools can be configured to add this automatically — see the repository's `AGENTS.md` for details.

>   Use of AI features in the same way you would use an IDE — code completion, spelling, and the like — does not require disclosure.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using AI features in the same way as an IDE, such as code completion or spelling, does not require disclosure.
```
